configuration.md, before:

# Configuration
Configuration files are located in `.env` and `config/app.php`.

## Database
First, specify which database you want to use. Laravel supports various engines (SQLite, MySQL, PostgreSQL, SQL Server). You can specify which database you want to use with `config/database.php` and the related environment variables. To learn more, refer to the [Laravel documentation](https://laravel.com/docs/5.8/database#configuration).

When you've set the database engine, create the application tables with the following command:
```bash
php artisan migrate
```

You can create the schema and generate dummy data with the following command:
```bash
php artisan migrate:fresh --seed
```

## Application settings
Regarding `.env` specific to the app, you should file the following variables:

- `APP_NAME`: The name of the application. By default this is `Bulletins`.
- `APP_ENV`: The application environment. You can set values like `local`, `staging`, `production`.
- `APP_DEBUG`: Enable (`true`) or disable (`false`) stacktraces.
- `APP_URL`: The base URL of the web application.
- `APP_LOCALE`: The locale to use for the application. Use `en` for English or `fr` for French.
- `PROJECTS_CONFIG_FILENAME`: the filename used to define your projects in the `config` folder. Will likely be set to `projects.yml`
- `REPORT_TIMEZONE`: The timezone to use for reports. Use a timezone name from the IANA database like Europe/Paris.
- `REPORT_EMAIL`: To which email address should weekly reports be sent to. Example: `team@company.com`
- `REPORT_SECRET`: The password to see previous reports in the web interface.
- `REPORTS_PASSWORD_HINT`: An hint to guess the password of the web interface. If you don't want to provide an hint, leave it null.
- `SLACK_TOKEN`: The Slack token to use when calling the API.
- `SLACK_GENERAL_CHANNEL`: A Slack channel name where a reminder to fill the reports will be posted on Fridays at 10 AM. Example: #general

## Sending emails
In order to send the weekly bulletins by email, you'll need to specify which SMTP server to use.

To do so, fill all the environment variables starting with `MAIL_` in the `.env` file.

## Creating a Slack application
If you're using Slack, you can send reminders to fill the reports to a channel or to individual people.

To do so, you will need to [create a Slack app](https://api.slack.com/slack-apps#creating_apps). The required permissions are `users:read` and `chat:write:bot`. Write down the OAuth Access Token and put the value in the `SLACK_TOKEN` `.env file.

## Defining teams
You can define your various teams / projects in the `config` folder in a YAML file. We provide a sample file in `config/projects.example.yml` that you can copy at `config/projects.yml` for instance. Update the environment variable `PROJECTS_CONFIG_FILENAME` according to the filename you choose.

Here is what it looks like:
```yaml
-
  name: "Example project"
  notification: slack
  logo: images/logos/example.png
  members:
    - UEMA8DE9Y
    - UEN897F5U
-
  name: "Bar"
  notification: email
  logo: images/logos/bar.png
  members:
    - bar@example.com
```

Commit message:

Doc: crontab for artisan schedule #100

configuration.md, after:

# Configuration
Configuration files are located in `.env` and `config/app.php`.

## Database
First, specify which database you want to use. Laravel supports various engines (SQLite, MySQL, PostgreSQL, SQL Server). You can specify which database you want to use with `config/database.php` and the related environment variables. To learn more, refer to the [Laravel documentation](https://laravel.com/docs/5.8/database#configuration).

When you've set the database engine, create the application tables with the following command:
```bash
php artisan migrate
```

You can create the schema and generate dummy data with the following command:
```bash
php artisan migrate:fresh --seed
```

## Application settings
Regarding `.env` specific to the app, you should file the following variables:

- `APP_NAME`: The name of the application. By default this is `Bulletins`.
- `APP_ENV`: The application environment. You can set values like `local`, `staging`, `production`.
- `APP_DEBUG`: Enable (`true`) or disable (`false`) stacktraces.
- `APP_URL`: The base URL of the web application.
- `APP_LOCALE`: The locale to use for the application. Use `en` for English or `fr` for French.
- `PROJECTS_CONFIG_FILENAME`: the filename used to define your projects in the `config` folder. Will likely be set to `projects.yml`
- `REPORT_TIMEZONE`: The timezone to use for reports. Use a timezone name from the IANA database like Europe/Paris.
- `REPORT_EMAIL`: To which email address should weekly reports be sent to. Example: `team@company.com`
- `REPORT_SECRET`: The password to see previous reports in the web interface.
- `REPORTS_PASSWORD_HINT`: An hint to guess the password of the web interface. If you don't want to provide an hint, leave it null.
- `SLACK_TOKEN`: The Slack token to use when calling the API.
- `SLACK_GENERAL_CHANNEL`: A Slack channel name where a reminder to fill the reports will be posted on Fridays at 10 AM. Example: #general

## Sending emails
In order to send the weekly bulletins by email, you'll need to specify which SMTP server to use.

To do so, fill all the environment variables starting with `MAIL_` in the `.env` file.

## Creating a Slack application
If you're using Slack, you can send reminders to fill the reports to a channel or to individual people.

To do so, you will need to [create a Slack app](https://api.slack.com/slack-apps#creating_apps). The required permissions are `users:read` and `chat:write:bot`. Write down the OAuth Access Token and put the value in the `SLACK_TOKEN` `.env file.

## Recurring tasks
In order to remind people to fill reports or to send the weekly email, we need scheduled tasks. These tasks have already been scheduled, you need to execute them. You can follow [Laravel's documentation] and put this in your crontab:

```sh
* * * * * cd /path-to-your-project && php artisan schedule:run >> /dev/null 2>&1
```

This Cron will call the Laravel command scheduler every minute. When the schedule:run` command is executed, Laravel will evaluate your scheduled tasks and runs the tasks that are due.

## Defining teams
You can define your various teams / projects in the `config` folder in a YAML file. We provide a sample file in `config/projects.example.yml` that you can copy at `config/projects.yml` for instance. Update the environment variable `PROJECTS_CONFIG_FILENAME` according to the filename you choose.

Here is what it looks like:
```yaml
-
  name: "Example project"
  notification: slack
  logo: images/logos/example.png
  members:
    - UEMA8DE9Y
    - UEN897F5U
-
  name: "Bar"
  notification: email
  logo: images/logos/bar.png
  members:
    - bar@example.com
```
