installation.md, before:

# Installation

![Packagist](https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/entrepreneur-interet-general/bulletins.svg?style=flat-square)
![Packagist](https://img.shields.io/packagist/l/entrepreneur-interet-general/bulletins.svg?style=flat-square)
![Packagist](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/entrepreneur-interet-general/bulletins.svg?style=flat-square)

Bulletins is a [Laravel](https://laravel.com) 6.0 project. It requires PHP 7.2+ and [Composer](https://getcomposer.org).

A standard installation may look like this:
```bash
# Install the project using Composer
composer create-project --prefer-dist --stability=dev entrepreneur-interet-general/bulletins
cd bulletins
# Copy the default env file
cp .env.example .env
cp config/projects.example.yml config/projects.yml
php artisan key:generate
# Start with a SQLite database and some sample data
touch database/database.sqlite
php artisan migrate:fresh --seed
```

More information can be found on [Laravel's documentation](https://laravel.com/docs/5.8#installation).

## With Docker

```sh
# Clone the project
git clone https://github.com/entrepreneur-interet-general/bulletins.git
cd bulletins
# Customize docker-compose.yml and config/projects.yml then
# start services
docker-compose up
# Initiate datababse
docker-compose exec php php artisan key:generate
docker-compose exec php touch database/database.sqlite
docker-compose exec php php artisan migrate:fresh --seed
```

Commit message:

Filename changed to config/projects.example.yml #6
* Filename changed to config/projects.example.yml

This file will be copied into the container. If name is changed to config/projects.yml, it will be not found during the build of the container.

* Filename changed to config/projects.example.yml

This file will be copied into the container. If name is changed to config/projects.yml, it will be not found during the build of the container.

installation.md, after:

# Installation

![Packagist](https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/entrepreneur-interet-general/bulletins.svg?style=flat-square)
![Packagist](https://img.shields.io/packagist/l/entrepreneur-interet-general/bulletins.svg?style=flat-square)
![Packagist](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/entrepreneur-interet-general/bulletins.svg?style=flat-square)

Bulletins is a [Laravel](https://laravel.com) 6.0 project. It requires PHP 7.2+ and [Composer](https://getcomposer.org).

A standard installation may look like this:
```bash
# Install the project using Composer
composer create-project --prefer-dist --stability=dev entrepreneur-interet-general/bulletins
cd bulletins
# Copy the default env file
cp .env.example .env
cp config/projects.example.yml config/projects.yml
php artisan key:generate
# Start with a SQLite database and some sample data
touch database/database.sqlite
php artisan migrate:fresh --seed
```

More information can be found on [Laravel's documentation](https://laravel.com/docs/5.8#installation).

## With Docker

```sh
# Clone the project
git clone https://github.com/entrepreneur-interet-general/bulletins.git
cd bulletins
# Customize docker-compose.yml and config/projects.example.yml (it will be copied into the container)
# then start services
docker-compose up
# Initiate datababse
docker-compose exec php php artisan key:generate
docker-compose exec php touch database/database.sqlite
docker-compose exec php php artisan migrate:fresh --seed
```
